New pages (#238)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/setChannelVar.md

# $setChannelVar
Updates a variable's value for a channel.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```

> $setUserVar[variableName;newValue;(channelID)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$setChannelVar[Name;Value;(Channel ID)]
```

> $setUserVar[variableName;newValue;(channelID)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$setUserVar[Variable Name;New Value;(Channel ID)]
```

> $setUserVar[Variable Name;New Value;(Channel ID)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$setChannelVar[Variable Name;New Value;(Channel ID)]
```

```

> ### Breakdown

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Parameters
```

> - `Name`: The variable to update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Variable Name`: The variable to update.
```

> - `variableName` - The variable to update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Name`: The variable to update.
```

> - `Value`: The newly assigned variable value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `New Value`: The new variable value.
```

> - `newValue` - The newly assigned variable value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Value`: The newly assigned variable value.
```

> - `Channel ID`: The channel to assign the new value to, uses current channel if no 'channel ID' is provided.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Channel ID`: The channel to assign the new value to. If no 'Channel ID' is present, the current channel will be used.
```

> - `channelID` - The channel to assign the new value to, uses current channel if no 'channelID' is provided.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Channel ID`: The channel to assign the new value to, uses current channel if no 'channel ID' is provided.
```

> ### Breakdown
> - `variableName` - The variable to update.
> - `newValue` - The newly assigned variable value.
> - `channelID` - The channel to assign the new value to, uses current channel if no 'channelID' is provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Parameters
- `Variable Name`: The variable to update.
- `New Value`: The new variable value.
- `Channel ID`: The channel to assign the new value to. If no 'Channel ID' is present, the current channel will be used.
```

> > 📝 Channel variables value has a max character limit of 499.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> 📌 Channel variables value has a max character limit of 499 (4999, if premium).
```

> [See more in the Variables guide...](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki/guides/variables.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[See more in the Variables guide...](../guides/variables.md)
```
